[docs] Improve App version management EAS Build page (#30756)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/app-versions.mdx

description: Learn about different version types and how to manage them remotely or locally.
---

import { ContentSpotlight } from '~/ui/components/ContentSpotlight';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> Android and iOS each expose two values to identify the version of an app: the version visible in stores (user-facing version) and the version visible only to developers (developer-facing build version). This guide explains how you can manage these versions them remotely or locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android and iOS each expose two values to identify the version of an app: the version visible in stores (user-facing version) and the version visible only to developers (developer-facing build version). This guide explains how you can manage those versions remotely or locally.
```

Typo and wording nit.

### Video walkthrough

<ContentSpotlight url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Gk7RHDWsLsQ" />

### Syncing already defined versions to remote

There are different scenarios where you already have versions set up for your project and want to increment from those versions when you create a new EAS Build. However, these existing versions might not be synced remotely with EAS. Some of these scenarios are:

- You have already published your app in the app stores and want to continue using the same version numbers.
- EAS CLI is not able to detect what version the app is on.
- For any other reason, you have versions explicitly set, such as inside your app config.

In these scenarios, you can sync the current version to EAS Build using the EAS CLI using the following steps:

- In the terminal window, run the following command:

> <Terminal cmd={['$ eas build:version:set']} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Terminal cmd={['$ eas build:version:set']} />
```

Let's nest `Terminal` inside of the liste entry content.
